Part (a):	Which of the following are acceptable behaviors in solving homeworks/projects?

	(O) Looking up information relevant to the course online.
	(x) Looking up or asking for sample solutions online.
	(O) Talking to my classmates about general approaches about the problems (but no specific coding statements).
	(x)	Copying code from my classmates, and then editing it significantly.
	(O) Asking the course staff for help.
	(x) Sitting next to my classmate and coding together as a team or with significant conversation about approach.
	(x) Sharing my code with a classmate, even if he/she just wants to read over it and learn from it

Part (b):	To dispute a grade on an assignment you should (list all that apply):

	Email to the professor immediately.
	(o) Raise the concern within 1 weeks of receiving the grade.
	(o) If an assignment, assign your grader an issue on GitHub and if it can't be resolved then go see the TA.

Part(c):	What is the late submission policy?

	(x) One hour late submission is acceptable for each assignment.
	(x) Each assignment can be submitted up to two days late for 50% credit.
	(O) Each student has 4 late days of which only 1 can be used per HW
	(x) Students need to get an approval before submitting an assignment late.

Part(d):	After making a late submission by pushing your code to Gihub you should...

	(O)	Do nothing. No special action is needed.
	(x)	Complete the online late submission form
	(O)	Start the next HW sooner (hint: this is a correct answer)

Part (e):	If you have NO grace days left and it is after the submission deadline, we will accept your assignment under what circumstances.

	(O)	None. We will not accept your submission.
	(x)	There is an hour grace period after the deadline.
	(?)	If there is a technical difficulty such as wireless trouble, or github issues, etc.) with submission.
	(x)	If you email us your code as attachments.

Part (a):	When cloning a Git repo, which of the following should you avoid:

	(O) Cloning into a folder that itself is a git repo
	Cloning into a sync'ed folder like Dropbox or Google Drive
	Cloning into the Desktop folder of your VM

	Part (b):	Provide the appropriate git command to perform the following operations:

	Stage an untracked file to be committed. The file is called 'hw1q2b.cpp'.
	-git add hwlq2b.cpp

	Display the details of the last three commits in the repository.
	-git log -p -3

Part (c)
	What is the full command to re-clone your private CSCI104 repo to your VM? Assume you are in an appropriate folder.
	git clone git@github.com:yuhyunch/summer.git